Copyright © 2005-2008 MySQL AB, 2009 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network
Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054, U.S.A. All rights reserved. U.S.
Government Rights - Commercial software. Government users are subject to the Sun
Microsystems, Inc. standard license agreement and applicable provisions of the
FAR and its supplements. Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Java, Solaris,
StarOffice, MySQL and MySQL logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun
Microsystems, Inc. in the U.S. and other countries. UNIX is a registered
trademark in the U.S. and other countries, exclusively licensed through X/Open
Company, Ltd. Products covered by and information contained in this service
manual are controlled by U.S. Export Control laws and may be subject to the
export or import laws in other countries. Nuclear, missile, chemical biological
weapons or nuclear maritime end uses or end users, whether direct or indirect,
are strictly prohibited. Export or reexport to countries subject to U.S. embargo
or to entities identified on U.S. export exclusion lists, including, but not
limited to, the denied persons and specially designated nationals lists is
strictly prohibited. DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH DISCLAIMERS ARE
HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID.

Copyright © 2005-2008 MySQL AB, 2009 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 4150 Network
Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054, Etats-Unis. Tous droits réservés. Sun,
Sun Microsystems, le logo Sun, Java, Solaris, StarOffice, MySQL et MySQL logo
sont des marques de fabrique ou des marques déposées de Sun Microsystems, Inc.
aux Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays. UNIX est une marque déposée aux Etats-Unis
et dans d'autres pays et licenciée exlusivement par X/Open Company, Ltd. Les
produits qui font l'objet de ce manuel d'entretien et les informations qu'il
contient sont regis par la legislation americaine en matiere de controle des
exportations et peuvent etre soumis au droit d'autres pays dans le domaine des
exportations et importations. Les utilisations finales, ou utilisateurs finaux,
pour des armes nucleaires, des missiles, des armes biologiques et chimiques ou
du nucleaire maritime, directement ou indirectement, sont strictement
interdites. Les exportations ou reexportations vers des pays sous embargo des
Etats-Unis, ou vers des entites figurant sur les listes d'exclusion
d'exportation americaines, y compris, mais de maniere non exclusive, la liste de
personnes qui font objet d'un ordre de ne pas participer, d'une facon directe ou
indirecte, aux exportations des produits ou des services qui sont regi par la
legislation americaine en matiere de controle des exportations et la liste de
ressortissants specifiquement designes, sont rigoureusement interdites. LA
DOCUMENTATION EST FOURNIE "EN L'ETAT" ET TOUTES AUTRES CONDITIONS, DECLARATIONS
ET GARANTIES EXPRESSES OU TACITES SONT FORMELLEMENT EXCLUES, DANS LA MESURE
AUTORISEE PAR LA LOI APPLICABLE, Y COMPRIS NOTAMMENT TOUTE GARANTIE IMPLICITE
RELATIVE A LA QUALITE MARCHANDE, A L'APTITUDE A UNE UTILISATION PARTICULIERE OU
A L'ABSENCE DE CONTREFACON.

This documentation is NOT distributed under a GPL license. Use of this
documentation is subject to the following terms: You may create a printed copy
of this documentation solely for your own personal use. Conversion to other
formats is allowed as long as the actual content is not altered or edited in any
way. You shall not publish or distribute this documentation in any form or on
any media, except if you distribute the documentation in a manner similar to how
Sun disseminates it (that is, electronically for download on a Web site with the
software) or on a CD-ROM or similar medium, provided however that the
documentation is disseminated together with the software on the same medium. Any
other use, such as any dissemination of printed copies or use of this
documentation, in whole or in part, in another publication, requires the prior
written consent from an authorized representative of Sun Microsystems, Inc. Sun
Microsystems, Inc. and MySQL AB reserve any and all rights to this documentation
not expressly granted above.
